This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=618

YOU NEED Vim7.0 FOR THE NEW VERSION TO WORK.

New version no longer depends on multvals.vim

The plugin provides a few features for debugging Vim scripts that are similar
to what IDEs normally have, such as browing source, managing breatpoints etc.
Setting breakpoints visually in functions is very important as you need to
specify the exact line number for the line you are interested in (which often
is difficult to find out if you use |line-continuation| characters to format
code). This also avoids typing in the |:breakadd| command while guessing what
the scriptids for your script are. It also defines a few convenience commands
that take the place of Vim built-in commands and add Vim command-line
completion feature.

The plugin also provided utilties to create various conditional breakpoints
programmatically to help debug complex and iterative logic. You can set a
condition, a skip count and an expire count for your breakpoint to be valid on
any particular line.

You can also simply use the plugin to browse Vim sripts and functions. It
provides a browser history type of features to drill into the code, by
navigating the function calls and return back to the previous function at any
time.

Here is a list of features:
    - Set/unset breakpoints in functions and scripts visually.
    - Save/clear/restore list of breakpoints across sessions.
    - Browse functions and script by navigating through the list of functions
      (and function references) and scripts.
    - Reload scripts when they change externally (during development)
    - Global functions to set/unset breakpoints programmatically with optional
      conditions.
    - Misc. alternative commands for the built-ins that typically work better
      (better completion and defaults).
    - Remote debugging ability to debug scripts in one Vim session using
      another Vim as the debugger.



Search_keywords: breakpoint breakpts breakadd breaklist breakdel break vim WinManager visual list Hari Krishna Dara

